Hung Truong Is The Sexiest Man Alive: The Song!
Published on January 26, 2007.
Back in High School, my friend Jennae wrote a song entitled “Hung Truong Is The Sexiest Man Alive.”
While cleaning up my room, I found the original manuscript, so I decided to put it up on my blog for your reading pleasure.
I think it started out as a one verse joke that got a little carried away.
The song is pretty long, a veritable five page opus, so here are the main points:
I, Hung Truong, am the sexiest man alive
Women want me, and men want to be like me
The singer wishes she was my girlfriend, but she can’t be because I’m too good for her because I am the sexiest man alive
It is a fact that I am alive, and not dead
I can beat up superheroes and look better in their clothing
I am courageous and I recite poetry eloquently
A large statue of myself erected in the city center would be desirable to the singer
Maybe I can get Jennae to record it and release the thing as an MP3!
If you want the long version, look no further.
Since I’m narcissistic and bored, I’ve typed out the whole thing:
Hung Truong Is The Sexiest Man Alive Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive.
Yes he is alive that’s so cool
because he’s so sexy,
he’s living and breathing,
that means he’s alive,
and he won’t die for a long long time,
I hope.
The world would be so much darker if Hung died
but it’s happy because he’s alive.
For now Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
I wish I was his girlfriend but I can’t be
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive Yes he is so sexy
all the girls scream when he walks in the room
Everybody loves him, he’s so popular
His muscles are huge
and his face is cute.
Yeah he’s so hot.
Every magazine wants him on its cover
But he doesn’t advertize.
Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive.
Hung is so wonderful
There’s nothing he can’t do
He’s so skilled in many areas
of life.
He’s so talented and so cool
Everyone thinks he’s sexy.
He’s so amazing in every way
He is a woman’s ideal man.
Every man wants to attain his perfection Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive.
Yes it’s true that Hung kicks Superman’s butt
He also is stealthier than Bat Man and he looks better in the bat suit too
He is so amazing and handsome and brave,
He saves damsels in distress and he slays dragons,
He can beat anyone up no matter how big they are
His speech is eleoquent and he recites amazing poetry
He can do anything in the world
He’s big and tough and buff.
Too bad he’s dead.
Just kidding Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive. Some day
We should build a statue of Hung
And put it in the middle of the city
for all to see
It would make everyone really happy
to see a huge statue of Hung
Everyday.
People would come from all around
to look at Hung’s statue.
Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive.
There’s not much more to say about Hung
We all know he’s great and super and cool
and sexy,
Hung Truong is sexy, and he’s alive, and good looking
and talented and wonderful and amazing
Now that everyone knows all about Hung
I’ll just sing the chorus
A few more times Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive.
I wish I was his girlfriend, but I can’t be,
Because he’s too good for me.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive,
Women want him
and men want to be like him.
‘Cause Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
Yeah Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive
He’s Hung Truong the sexiest man alive
Hung Truong is the sexiest man alive.